This is the entrance of the company.
Please show some respect.
Su Ran, do you have to resign?
Ok, I agree.
But I have to finish this month
How do you all do things?
What a broken plan
I'll tell you what.
The company does not raise idlers
If you don't want to work hard, get out of here
What happened to Mr. Jie today?
Make such a big fire
It's like taking gunpowder
Yes, this is the first time I see Mr. Jie making such a big fire
Did someone offend him?
What are you doing here?
Yanqing, why are you so cruel to me?
It was Aunt Ji who asked me to come. Tell me if you have anything.
I'm busy, Aunt Ji asked me to inform you.
How about tomorrow night?
He's having a party.
Invite all employees of the company
Why is that?
To announce our marriage
Mr. Ji has a document for you to sign
Hey Yingying
What did you just say?
Auntie Xie asked me to inform you
He's having a dinner party tomorrow night.
Invite all employees of the company
To announce our wedding news
Do you hear me?
Go and notify
This is too much, though
It's really monitored, it's none of your business
Go out, Yan Qing, go out
Although why don't you respond at all?
Do you really have no feelings for me?